# US014 - As a QAM, I want to run tests for inputs of variable size, to observe the asymptotic behavior of the execution time of the US13 algorithm.

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.1. User Story Description

As a Software Quality Assessment Team Manager (QAM), i want to test the kruskal algorithm used in US14 for inputs of variable sizes and analyse the algorithm and sorting performance.

### 1.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications 

**From the specifications document:**

> Transcribed: Planning and building irrigation systems in green parks are expensive and time consuming tasks. The use of computer systems and namely powerful
algorithms can save materials like pipes, reduce the time required for the planning and installation, and allow to create more efficient irrigation systems.

> Justification: Software to help the QAM analyze the algorithm developed to plan the irrigation systems in green parks.
 

**From the client clarifications:**

> **Question:** In the US14, what does the variable size refer to?
>
> **Answer:** The size of the .csv file.

> **Question:** The cost between two water points, the size of the .csv file provided or other?
>
> **Answer:** You can find in "Datasets for US13 and US14" thirty files for US14 with inputs of increasing size.

> **Question:** Does the runtime evaluation of the algorithm implemented in US13 include sorting the list of all edges, or not?
>
> **Answer:** Yes. Although they may create a method for sorting, it is called in the main algorithm of what they intend to calculate. Therefore, this sorting method must be implemented by you with primitive operations.

> **Question:** What does the execution time cover? Does it include the creation of the .csv file with the cost and connections to be opened, and both the .png files with the input and output graphs? If not, then when exactly does it start and stop counting?
>
> **Answer:** It should start/finish counting when the Algorithm for the procedure of US13 starts/finish. Note that this algorithm calls a sorting procedure, that should be also counting, and should be written with primitive operations. The implementations of drawing graphs, counting the number of vertex (if needed), graphic drawings, should not be counting for the exectuion time of the problem procedure.


### 1.3. Acceptance Criteria

* **AC1:** Read all the files within a fold (at least 30 files)
* **AC2:** The vertexes must be Strings (can be numbers, letters or words).
* **AC3:** Cost must be doubles, as they can have decimal cases in the csv file.
* **AC4:** Must generate a csv file of krukal algorithm runtime results for each file read.
* **AC5:** Must generate a png file of the graph generated by the kruskal algorithm for each file read.

### 1.4. Found out Dependencies

* There is a dependency on "US014" - Must use the sorting and kruskal algorithm developed in US0141.

### 1.5 Input and Output Data

**Input Data:**
  * csv files with the graph data: 
    * vertexes (string)
    * edges (string)
    * costs (double)

* Typed data:
  
	
* Selected data:
   

**Output Data:**

* Csv file of krukal algorithm runtime results for each file read.
* Must generate a png file of the graph generated by the kruskal algorithm for each file read.

### 1.6. System Sequence Diagram (SSD)


#### Alternative One


#### Alternative Two


### 1.7 Other Relevant Remarks

